doc: known_issues: Add HID configurator issue on Linux (#3989)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Directed advertising is disabled by default for nRF Desktop.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

> NCSDK-8304: HID configurator issues of peripherals connected over Bluetooth LE to Linux host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-8304: HID configurator issues for peripherals connected over Bluetooth LE to Linux host
```

  Using :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel_script` for peripherals connected to host directly over Bluetooth LE may result in receiving improper HID feature report ID.

>   In that case, the device provides HID input reports, but it cannot be configured via HID configurator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In such case, the device will provide HID input reports, but it cannot be configured with the HID configurator.
```

>   **Workaround:** Connect the nRF Desktop peripheral through USB or via nRF Desktop dongle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Connect the nRF Desktop peripheral through USB or using the nRF Desktop dongle.
```
